# [Release v0.74.2: JSON Parser migration, UI Improvements, StemStr, new modules](https://github.com/vitorpamplona/amethyst/releases/tag/v0.74.2) - 2023-08-19

- Adds support for Stemstr's kind 1808
- Adds a waveform visual to audio playback when available
- Creates a Quartz Module for Nostr Events
- Creates a Benchmark Module to test Performance
- Migrates from GSon to Jackson for Performance gains, adapts all serializers accordingly
- Automatically activates NIP24 chats when users have received NIP24 messages from the counterparty
- Implements contextual rounded corners for images and videos
- Caches NIP-44 shared key for performance.
- Improves BechUtils encoding performance.
- Recreates Hex encoding/decoding classes for Performance.
- Migrates NIP24 to the new ByteArray concat encoding.
- Fixes Zap Notifications when the Zap payer is the logged-in user
- Fixes ThreadAssembler when there are two roots to a conversation branch
- Fixes the color of the historical chart to follow the chosen theme in settings
- Fixes chatroom names when clients send the same user twice in the p-tags.
- Removes support for lenient choices in the. events.
- Refactors TLV's, Events, and NIP-19 dependencies.
- Adds a large set of events as a test case for signature validation
- Adds new translations for cs/de/se by [@npub1e2yuky03caw4ke3zy68lg0fz3r4gkt94hx4fjmlelacyljgyk79svn3eef](https://github.com/npub1e2yuky03caw4ke3zy68lg0fz3r4gkt94hx4fjmlelacyljgyk79svn3eef)
- Fixes url regex pattern for URLs with a dash by [@npub1l60d6h2uvdwa9yq0r7r2suhgrnsadcst6nsx2j03xwhxhu2cjyascejxe5](https://github.com/npub1l60d6h2uvdwa9yq0r7r2suhgrnsadcst6nsx2j03xwhxhu2cjyascejxe5)
- Fixes image uploading tests without an account
- Adds account info to image uploads test suites
- Moves navigation's top bar to use the Arrow Back UI Concept
- Trims display names when possible
- Don't display the username if the display name is available.
- Moves Relay List to a composable surface
- Migrates the use of pubkey prefixes in filters from 6 to 8 because more relays seem to work with this
- Adds read support for NIP-65
- Adds UI Improvements to the Settings Interface
- BugFix: Highlight event builder using the wrong kind
- BugFix: Avoids displaying a NIP-94 event without a url tag
- Updates SDK and dependencies to the latest

[Changes][v0.74.2]

[v0.74.2]: https://github.com/vitorpamplona/amethyst/compare/v0.73.3...v0.74.2
