# [Release v0.85.0 Edits, Git, Embed, etc](https://github.com/vitorpamplona/amethyst/releases/tag/v0.85.0) - 2024-03-04

Adds support for post edits, post forks, pull requests, open timestamp, git repositories, issues, patches and replies, wiki pages and some medical data.

New Additions:
- Adds support for editing of notes (NIP-37 / kind: 1010)
- Adds support for sending edit proposals.
- Adds embeded events in NIP-19 uris
- Adds support for NIP-03: OpenTime Stamp attestations (kind: 1040)
- Adds support for Decentralized Wikis (event kind 30818)
- Adds basic support for NIP-34: Git repositories (kind 30617), patches (kind 1617), issues (kind 1621) and replies (kind 1622).
- Adds rendering support for FHIR payloads (kind 82).
- Adds support for the q tag
- Adds early support for Kind1 forks.
- Sets zap splits automatically for quotes and forks
- V4V: Ask for donations in the Notification page
- Adds relay icon rendering from the NIP11 document

Bug Fixes:
- Fixes the text's vertical alignment when emoji's are present
- Fixes DM Chatroom edit button
- Fixes the crash when images are not being present in the image dialog.
- Inserts uploaded URLs where the cursor is and not at the end of the new post.
- Fixes the rendering of Japanese characters, hashtags and custom emojis in the same line.
- Fixes the dissapearance of some Quartz classes when exporting to maven
- Fixing stack overflow with more than 200 zaps in a single note.
- Fixes image preview visualization on a new post
- Adds support for a new report option as Other
- Fixes missing nsec processing when parsing NIP-29 uris
- Fixes caching issue when creating a Bitcoin invoice for the first time
- Fixes UI issues due to the caching of Polls
- Better aligns post header elements
- Fixes bug with NIP-11s with null `kind` arrays
- Fixes quote and repost notes partially disappearing when they contain hidden users or words.
- Fixes content title for the video playback notification

Updated translations:
- Hungarian by [@npub1ww8kjxz2akn82qptdpl7glywnchhkx3x04hez3d3rye397turrhssenvtp](https://github.com/npub1ww8kjxz2akn82qptdpl7glywnchhkx3x04hez3d3rye397turrhssenvtp)
- Spanish, Spanish, Mexico and Spanish, United States by [@npub1luhyzgce7qtcs6r6v00ryjxza8av8u4dzh3avg0zks38tjktnmxspxq903](https://github.com/npub1luhyzgce7qtcs6r6v00ryjxza8av8u4dzh3avg0zks38tjktnmxspxq903)
- French by [@npub106efcyntxc5qwl3w8krrhyt626m59ya2nk9f40px5s968u5xdwhsjsr8fz](https://github.com/npub106efcyntxc5qwl3w8krrhyt626m59ya2nk9f40px5s968u5xdwhsjsr8fz)
- Swahili by [@npub1q6ps7m94jfdastx2tx76sj8sq4nxdhlsgmzns2tr4xt6ydx6grzspm0kxr](https://github.com/npub1q6ps7m94jfdastx2tx76sj8sq4nxdhlsgmzns2tr4xt6ydx6grzspm0kxr)
- Czech, German, Swedish and Portuguese by [@npub1e2yuky03caw4ke3zy68lg0fz3r4gkt94hx4fjmlelacyljgyk79svn3eef](https://github.com/npub1e2yuky03caw4ke3zy68lg0fz3r4gkt94hx4fjmlelacyljgyk79svn3eef)
- Arabic by [@npub13qtw3yu0uc9r4yj5x0rhgy8nj5q0uyeq0pavkgt9ly69uuzxgkfqwvx23t](https://github.com/npub13qtw3yu0uc9r4yj5x0rhgy8nj5q0uyeq0pavkgt9ly69uuzxgkfqwvx23t)
- Dutch by [@npub1w4la29u3zv09r6crx5u8yxax0ffxgekzdm2egzjkjckef7xc83fs0ftxcd](https://github.com/npub1w4la29u3zv09r6crx5u8yxax0ffxgekzdm2egzjkjckef7xc83fs0ftxcd)

Performance Improvements:
- Improves the speed of the text parser
- Reduced memory footprint of navigation buttons
- Faster hex validation
- Increases the speed of the Robohash SVG to byte buffer function
- Adds Benchmark tests for the content parser
- Adds Benchmark tests for the url detector
- Speeds up image compositions
- Improves relay list NIP-11 caching
- Faster Longform tag filters
- Speeds up the loop through local cache
- Improves the speed of Location services
- Improves the cache of LnInvoices
- Improves cache of cashu tokens
- Reduces memory footprint for parsed posts.

Code Quality Improvements:
- Moves content parsers and media classes to commons.
- Moves emoji parsers to commons
- Moves Wallet Connect code to Quartz
- Moves Relay information code to Quartz
- Removes dependency on Kotlin serialization
- Adds a release draft generator to CI
- Updates Vico, Compose UI Version, Coil and Google Service dependencies
- Refactors the code to manage extra characters after Bech32 Links
- Moves to Android Studio Iguana | 2023.2.1
- Moves gradle to 8.4
- Moves project to version catalogs

[Changes][v0.85.0]

[v0.85.0]: https://github.com/vitorpamplona/amethyst/compare/v0.84.3...v0.85.0
